---
title: "Get Your Tickets for Go Play NW 2021!"
tags: blog
published: true
date: 2021-09-16
---

Registration for Go Play NW 2021 Online is now open on our Eventbrite page!

## Ticket cost
Tickets are $12 per day for Saturday or Sunday, and the Friday night “lobby con” is included with either day.

## Schedule and programming
We’ll have two sessions of games each day on Saturday and Sunday using our pitch circle, "the Donut,” that many of you will know well from previous Go Play NW events. For those of you who aren’t familiar with the donut, we’ll post more about that soon.

## Limits on attendance
In some respects, an online event takes more staffing and time to manage than an in-person event does. In order to provide the best experience we can, we do need to limit the number of attendees to 70 people each day. Also more as usual, we will need to close registration a week in advance so we can make final preparations, so ticket sales end early in the morning of Saturday, September 25. Get your tickets soon!

## Community sponsorships
We have been working to make Go Play NW more welcome and accessible to a wider variety of people, which includes offering sponsored attendance to people in financial need.

We’re continuing that practice this year by offering a ticket option called “Sponsor an attendee!”—each sponsorship allows us to bring in gamers who might otherwise not be able to attend.

### Requsting a commnity-sponsorship ticket
If you would like to attend Go Play NW 2021 Online but are unable to afford the cost of attendance, you may request a free Community-Sponsorship ticket by emailing us at business@goplaynw.org. We will not be doing any means testing and will **not** ask you anything about your situation (Community-Sponsorship tickets are available on the honor system.)

Community-Sponsorship tickets are available on a first-come/first-served basis.

We’re excited to see everyone on **Friday, October 1** for Go Play NW 2021 Online!