---
title: "Register now for Go Play NW 2022 event 1: June 3–5"
tags: blog
published: true
date: 2022-04-18
---

We’re excited to announce our first online Go Play NW 2022 event, the weekend of Friday June 3 through Sunday June 5, is now open for registration! Tickets for this event are available on a pay-what-you-will model, with a suggested donation of $12 each day for Saturday and Sunday and also a free option. The Friday evening social gathering (“lobby con”) is included with all ticket options at no extra cost.

To provide the best experience possible, attendance at this event is limited to 80 people on Saturday and 80 people on Sunday. A waiting list is available if the event sells out.

Like our previous event in 2021, we’ll be using a dedicated Discord server as our base of operations, and we’ll be able to have video, audio-only, and text-only channels for hosting the games.

Once again we’ll be organizing some games at the start of each session through “the donut,” in which we ask for volunteers to step forward and pitch a game they’d like to run or facilitate, and then the rest of the available players choose a game to join. Even if you don’t feel up to facilitating a game, come with enthusiasm and openness to meet new people and try new games! We’ll be using a scheduling system here on our website for you to sign up for donut sessions, so we’ll know in advance how many people to expect at each.

We’re also adding scheduled games for this event. If you’d rather know in advance that you’ll have players for the game you’re prepared to facilitate, you’ll be able to post it on our site and have people sign up. We’re currently setting up the game scheduling system and will announce when that’s ready for people to start posting games.

As before, the event will kick off with a social gathering on Friday evening that will give you time to catch up with old friends and meet new ones, and give us time to get everyone checked in for the weekend. Then on Saturday and Sunday we’ll have the game sessions. We’ll announce full details on the schedule and procedures soon!

Revenues from this event go towards our regular expenses to keep functioning as an organization; the particular expenses to set up and run this event; and our reserves so that we can host in-person events again as soon as it’s safe to do so—hopefully next year! Revenues also allow us to pay special guests whom we invite to feature as game facilitators and designers, and consultants on accessibility and diversity.

Please join our regular Go Play NW discussion Discord server at https://discord.gg/vwrrF2q and check out the #make-it-happen channel to learn more and volunteer!

We’re very excited to bring the Go Play NW experience to you online this year, and we hope you’ll join us! Go to our Eventbrite event page and register now!