---
title: "Register Now for Go Play NW Fall 2022: Sept 30–Oct 2"
tags: blog
published: true
date: 2022-09-12
---

Go Play NW Online is back for another event on Sept 30 – Oct 2. Greet old friends; meet new ones; and play fun games together!

As with our spring event, fall’s Go Play NW Online will consist of both pick-up (Donut) and scheduled games hosted on our Discord server. We can’t wait to see you there! 

## What’s new?
We’ve got exciting news. As you can see, our tech committee made us a whole new website to go with our new event! Now you can look forward to easier registering and smoother scheduling in addition to amazing games hosted by our attendees and a few special guests. Even better, you’ll be able to submit games you’d like to run as soon as you finish with your registration. 

We’ll also be hosting the event on our regular Go Play NW Discord server rather than an event-specific one. That means you won’t have to have a special invite link to attend. Additionally, you’ll be able to sign up for the Donut at the beginning of the day if you decide you want to jump in after sign-ups on the website have closed.

## Schedule
We'll be kicking things off on **Friday, September 30 at 6:00 PM – 8:30 PM PDT** (or whenever everyone goes to bed) with a "lobby con" social gathering and check-in event. This is a great time to chat about games you’re excited to play and get familiar with our Discord server. It also gives us a chance to work out any pesky technological issues that managed to sneak through our testing process.

**Saturday October 1** will have three gaming sessions, from 9:30 AM – 1:00 PM, 2:00 PM – 6:00 PM, and 7:00 PM – 11:00 PM.

**Sunday October 2** will have two gaming sessions, from 11:00 AM – 3:00 PM and 4:00 PM – 8:00 PM. You can also look forward to a morning social at 9:00 AM. 

## Online venue
Our Go Play NW Online fall event is hosted on the convention’s Discord server, so you’ll need to have a free Discord account to play. You can create one on the [Discord registration page](https://discord.com/register) or in the Discord app.

## Ticket options
To reduce the financial barrier for attending, we are continuing our pay-what-you-will model. We're offering two ticket types for Saturday and Sunday: a 100% free ticket option, and a donation-based pay-what-you-will ticket. If you opt for the second ticket type during registration, you’ll need to put in an amount for donation to progress. (We suggest $12 per day as a donation.)

Note that Friday's lobby con and Sunday’s social hour are included in either day’s ticket, but you’ll need to pick up a Saturday ticket and a Sunday ticket if you want to play games on both days.

## Financial support
Revenues from this event go towards annual organizational expenses, the particular expenses to set up and run this event, and foundation funds that will help us host in-person events again as soon as it's safe to do so—hopefully next year! This funding also allows us to sponsor attendees, invite guests to facilitate games, and pay consultants to improve our organization’s diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives.

For more information about our funding, please see our blog post "[A note on funding for Go Play NW](https://goplaynw.org/blog/2021-09-07/)".

Go Play NW is registered with the IRS as a 501(c)(7) social club, and incorporated in the state of Washington as a non-profit organization.
