---
title: "Announcing: Go Play NW 2022 Event 2: Sep 30–Oct 2"
tags: blog
published: true
date: 2022-08-20
---

We’re excited to announce our *second* Go Play NW Online event for 2022 will be the weekend of **Friday, September 30 through Sunday, October 2!** And, we’re extending the schedule on Saturday to fit three Game Sessions!

## Event Schedule
### Friday, Sep 30
* **Lobby Con:** 6:00 PM PST\
_We're kicking things off with our usual Friday evening social giving you time to catch up with old friends and meet new ones._

### Saturday, Oct 1
* **Doors Open**: 9:00 AM PST
* **Morning Game Session:** 9:30 AM PST
* **Afternoon Game Session:** 2:00 PM PST
* **Evening Game Session:** 7:00 PM PST

### Sunday, Oct 2
* **Doors Open**: 9:00 AM PST
* **Morning Game Session:** 11:00 AM PST
* **Afternoon Game Session:** 4:00 PM PST

## Event Details
### Where's it happening?
We’re continuing to host the event on our dedicated [Discord](https://discord.gg/AqhayGFexQ) server with video, audio-only, and text-only channels available.

### What activities are you hosting?
Once again we’ll be organizing games in two ways:

1. Each session we’ll be holding the pitch circle, [The Donut](/the-donut), which is great for getting people into games at the spur of the moment. 
2. We’ll also have a scheduling system set up on our website, for those of you who like to plan a game in advance and know that you’ll have players already at the table when the session starts.

### How much will it cost?
Our 2022 Fall online event will be Pay What You Want just like our 2022 Summer online event.

### How do I register?
In the next couple weeks, we’ll be ready to open up registration—(spoilers) including a shiny new website design (spoilers)—and we’ll have further details on the event, including new [Featured Facilitators](/featured-facilitators).

For now, save the dates **Friday, September 30 through Sunday, October 2,** and start thinking about the games you’d like to play!

We hope you’ll join us!