---
title: "Go Play NW 2022: 2 Go 2 Online"
tags: blog
published: true
date: 2022-02-02
---

It’s a new year, it’s time for a new Go Play NW event announcement:

Following on our successful online game weekend last October, we will be hosting **two weekend online events this year:** one in June and one in October!

Once again we’ll be organizing pickup games during the weekend through [the Donut](/the-donut), but this year we’re planning to add pre-scheduled games into the mix as well.

We have some planning and development work to do in order to make scheduled games happen and to improve the Donut experience, so we’re not ready to announce our dates quite yet, but will do so soon. Fortunately our core organizing team from last year—E.T., Star, Jerry, Angela, and myself (Philip)—are all back on board and building on our knowledge and experience from last year’s event; we’re excited to expand the opportunities for games and look forward to welcoming more people joining us this year!

We do want to acknowledge the lack of an in-person event again this year.

After consideration and discussion, we believe that the unfortunate circumstances surrounding the pandemic continue to make an in-person event during our usual mid-July timeframe too uncertain and too risky to be worth planning this year. Both the organizing team and the Go Play NW board are taking this time to pursue future development of our organization that will help us be more welcoming of diversity and more supportive of equity and accessibility needs, enabling better in-person events when we feel it’s safe to do so (Hopefully next year!)

For now, join us at our regular [Discord](https://discord.gg/AqhayGFexQ) server for ongoing discussions and follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/GoPlayNW) for news and updates as well. We can’t wait to see you again for games online in June and October!
