---
title: "How does Go Play NW Online Work?"
tags: blog
published: true
date: 2022-09-01
---

Our Fall 2022 Online event is almost here, and we're looking forward to having you join us for spooky festivities. 

We’ll be running games on our dedicated Discord server throughout the weekend, but we can’t do it without you. Here’s how it works.

## How do I register for the event?
First, if you don’t already have an account on Discord, sign up to Discord! You will need your Discord username—it’s the one you use to log in, which ends with a hashtag (#) and some numbers—to finish the registration process on Eventbrite. You can get a free Discord account on the Discord registration page; see Discord’s Getting Started page for more help.

Next, [register for Go Play NW 2022 on Eventbrite](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/go-play-nw-2022-event-1-june-tickets-310843319737)

### Reminders:
```
Important: the email address you use when registering on Eventbrite will be the one where we contact you with further updates. It will also be your account username on our website, which you’ll need to sign up for any games!
```
* Tickets for this event are available on a pay-what-you-will model, with a suggested donation of $12 each day for Saturday and Sunday and also a free option.
* The Friday evening social gathering (“lobby con”) is included with all ticket options at no extra cost.
* To provide the best experience possible, attendance at this event is limited to 80 people on Saturday and 80 people on Sunday. A waiting list is available if the event sells out.

## Where do I find the game schedule and sign up for games?
Once you’re registered through [Eventbrite](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/go-play-nw-2022-event-1-june-tickets-310843319737), we’ll email you with a link to sign in to the [Go Play NW website](/) and your temporary password.

Once you have signed in you’ll get access to our scheduling page where you can post a game to run, sign up to join a scheduled game, or sign up to participate in a pickup game session, which we call “the donut”.

At Go Play NW, all of our games are run by our guests (you). We’ll have two options on offer for players and facilitators/GMs: scheduled games and the donut.

* **Scheduled games** _are games that facilitators/GMs post in advance on our website, and players can sign up in advance to join._

* **The Donut** _is our impromptu pitch circle where attendees (like you!) pitch games you want to play. Once we have enough games for everyone in the circle, we break into games and Go Play! See [The Donut](/the-donut) for more information!_

## How do I schedule a aame to facilitate?
Once you have access to our scheduling page, you’ll be able to submit a game for scheduling. We’ll ask for some information such as the name and description, the number of players you can take, and content warnings. We do need to review the game submission before it’s posted, so it may take a day before it’s posted and visible on the schedule.

## How do I sign up to join a scheduled game?
Once you have access to our scheduling page, you’ll be able to see a list of the scheduled games being offered each session as we post them, and put your name down for a game that has an open slot. New games may be posted each day leading up to the event, so you’ll want to return and check out the schedule more than once!

## How do I sign up to join the Donut?
Once you have access to our scheduling page, you’ll also see the donut listed in each session, and you can put your name down to join in any or all of them. Signing up in advance to join a donut helps us prepare to accommodate everyone who’s interested!

### Wait, can you tell me more about the donut and how it works?
Sure! For more information see [The Donut](/the-donut).

## How do I Get to the Discord Server for the Event?
A few days before the event starts, we’ll email you a link to the server so that you can add it to your Discord app in advance, if you want. You won’t see anything there except the #welcome-desk channel until we’re ready to open check-in on Friday June 3.

## What’s the schedule for the weekend?
Our schedule for the June 3, 2022 weekend is as follows:

### Fri June 3 2022
 Lobby Con is a social gathering that also gives us time to be sure everyone’s properly checked in.

* **Lobby Con:** 5:50 PM - 8:30 PM PST

### Sat June 4 & Sun June 5, 2022
Saturday and Sunday are our gaming days. They have the same schedule:

* **Doors Open:** 10:00 AM PST
* **Morning Game Session:** 10:30 AM - 2:30 PM PST
* **Lunch Break:** 2:30 PM to 3:30 PM PST
* **Afternoon Game Session:** 3:30 PM - 7:30 PM PST

Let us know if you have any questions at info@goplaynw.org. We look forward to seeing you at the con!


We’re excited to announce our *second* Go Play NW Online event for 2022 will be the weekend of **Friday, September 30 through Sunday, October 2!** And, we’re extending the schedule on Saturday to fit three Game Sessions!

## Event Schedule
### Friday, Sep 30
* **Lobby Con:** 6:00 PM PST\
_We're kicking things off with our usual Friday evening social giving you time to catch up with old friends and meet new ones._

### Saturday, Oct 1
* **Doors Open**: 9:00 AM PST
* **Morning Game Session:** 9:30 AM PST
* **Afternoon Game Session:** 2:00 PM PST
* **Evening Game Session:** 7:00 PM PST

### Sunday, Oct 2
* **Doors Open**: 9:00 AM PST
* **Morning Game Session:** 11:00 AM PST
* **Afternoon Game Session:** 4:00 PM PST

## Event Details
### Where's it happening?
We’re continuing to host the event on our dedicated [Discord](https://discord.gg/AqhayGFexQ) server with video, audio-only, and text-only channels available.

### What activities are you hosting?
Once again we’ll be organizing games in two ways:

1. Each session we’ll be holding the pitch circle, [The Donut](/the-donut), which is great for getting people into games at the spur of the moment. 
2. We’ll also have a scheduling system set up on our website, for those of you who like to plan a game in advance and know that you’ll have players already at the table when the session starts.

### How much will it cost?
Our 2022 Fall online event will be Pay What You Want just like our 2022 Summer online event.

### How do I register?
In the next couple weeks, we’ll be ready to open up registration—(spoilers) including a shiny new website design (spoilers)—and we’ll have further details on the event, including new [Featured Facilitators](/featured-facilitators).

For now, save the dates **Friday, September 30 through Sunday, October 2,** and start thinking about the games you’d like to play!

We hope you’ll join us!