---
title: "Coming Soon—Go Play NW 2023!"
tags: blog
published: true
date: 2023-02-21
---

It’s seemed pretty quiet around here since our Fall Online 2022 event, with just our year-end thank-you post back in January. What have we been up to? Well, in fact we’ve been working hard behind the scenes in weekly meetings to make some important determinations: could we hold an in-person event this year? And if so, when and where?

We’ve been looking closely at logistics and finances, we’ve tramped around town (well mostly E.T. has, shout out to the intrepid E.T.!) checking out potential venues, we’ve debated the pros and cons of May (or earlier) versus July (or later) (spoilers: July won), we even hauled out our official Boxes o’ Stuff to see just what we *do* have on hand for supplies and what we might need. 

And with all that work, we are not ready to announce dates and location *quite* yet. But I’m pleased to say that indeed we’re feeling very confident about welcoming you all back in person to Seattle for Go Play NW 2023 this summer! We’re finalizing details now on a new venue that we’re pretty keen about, and within the next couple weeks we should be able to make the formal announcement, with registration to open soon after.

And our online community is not forgotten either! Our Tech Committee has been hard at work too, both planning to support our in-person event and preparing for another Go Play NW Online event, which we’ll announce later.

We’re still on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/GoPlayNW), but for best results keep an eye out here on our website and [Discord](https://discord.gg/AqhayGFexQ). We hope to see you here in Seattle this summer!
