---
title: "Announcing Go Play NW 2023! (We have dates!)"
tags: blog
published: true
date: 2023-04-12
---

We’re excited to finally reveal what we’ve been teasing for more than a month: the dates of our first in-person convention in 4 years. Go Play NW 2023 will be hosted on July 7–9 at the Centilia Cultural Center in the Mount Baker neighborhood of sunny (😉) Seattle, WA. [Registration](/register) for this event will open April 17 at 3AM PDT. 

We’re taking COVID safety as seriously as we can for our return to in-person. That means KN-95 level or higher masks will be required in all indoor spaces and recommended for outdoor spaces. Don’t worry: if you forget your mask, we’ll provide one for you! You can find out more about this and all the other steps we’re taking to keep our attendees safe by reading our [2023 COVID-19 Policies](/covid-19) 

Our new venue, the Centilia Cultural Center, is an event space connected to El Centro de la Raza, a storied Latino community-building organization founded in 1972. Unlike our prior venue, the Cultural Center does not have lodgings available on location. However, it is very accessible via public transit, a block away from the Mount Baker Transit Center. You can read more about [El Centro de la Raza and Centilia](/venue) at their website: https://www.elcentrodelaraza.org/.

Last, but certainly not least, for all of you who can’t make it in-person: we’re not leaving you behind, and we haven’t forgotten you. Our online event will be happening October 27–29, 2023, so mark your calendars now. We’ll have the Featured Facilitators, Donut, and scheduled games programming you know and love, so tell your friends! Tell your cats! Tell your dog! And watch this space for more details.
